README.md, before:

# Bamazon

## Synopsis

An interactive shopping node app where MySQL and Node.JS are used to allow users to purchase items as a customer, view, track and update the product inventory as a manager, and track the total sales by department as an executive.

### Bamazon Customer Portal

The Bamazon Customer Portal allows users to view the current items available for purchase.  The user will be prompted to select the item they want to purchase and how many items they wish to purchase.  If the item is in stock, the order will be completed and the user will see the total amount of their purchase.

![Customer Portal](img/BamazonCustomer.png)

#### Technologies Used

* Javascript
* nodeJS
* MySQL
* npm packages:
  * [mysql](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql)
  * [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)
  * [colors](https://www.npmjs.com/package/colors)
  * [cli-table](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cli-table)

#### License

Copyright 2016 - 2018 University of Central Florida Coding Bootcamp - Edna Jonsson

Commit message:

Updating mysql dependency and adding troubleshooting tip to readme

README.md, after:

# Bamazon

## Synopsis

An interactive shopping node app where MySQL and Node.JS are used to allow users to purchase items as a customer, view, track and update the product inventory as a manager, and track the total sales by department as an executive.

### Bamazon Customer Portal

The Bamazon Customer Portal allows users to view the current items available for purchase.  The user will be prompted to select the item they want to purchase and how many items they wish to purchase.  If the item is in stock, the order will be completed and the user will see the total amount of their purchase.

![Customer Portal](img/BamazonCustomer.png)

#### Technologies Used

* Javascript
* nodeJS
* MySQL
* npm packages:
  * [mysql](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql)
  * [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)
  * [colors](https://www.npmjs.com/package/colors)
  * [cli-table](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cli-table)

### Common issue

If you're running into an issue where you get a message to the effect of
Try running the following command in your MySQL Workbench:

```ALTER USER 'root'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED WITH mysql_native_password BY 'root'; ```

Where ```root``` as your user ```localhost``` as your URL and ```password``` as your password

Then run this query to refresh privileges:

```flush privileges;```

#### License

Copyright 2016 - 2020 University of Central Florida Coding Bootcamp - Edna Jonsson
